HOME
FLIGHT INFO
LOCATIONS
BOOKINGS
FAQS
GALLERY


Hot Air Balloon Flights

See the Sunshine Coast Like Never Before with a Hot Air Balloon Flight followed by a Champagne Breakfast at Ponjarri Mountain Resort.

There is no time like the present to set sail along the Australian sky. Enjoy the most popular hot air balloon ride on the Sunshine Coast along with a mouth-watering hot breakfast courtesy of Ponjarri Mountain Resort.

Brisbane Hot Air Balloon Ride

The best priced hot air balloon ride in South East Queensland, excellent value for the best balloons and the best crew. It also includes a Champagne Breakfast. Just a 55 minute drive South West of Brisbane CBD.

Private Hot Air Balloon Charter

Your personal chauffer will pick you up and take you to the gorgeous hinterland where you will be greeted by your own personal hot air balloon pilot. Fly in a private hot air balloon before a private breakfast and more.

Set sail over the Sunshine Coast Hinterland which offers up breathtaking views of lush greenery and sweeping hills. Enjoy the picturesque sights of Lamington National Park and soar past the sun-kissed Glasshouse Mountains from the comfort of our hot air balloon. Of course you will also not want to miss the sparkling Sunshine Coast Skyline in the dawn’s light. All of these views and more are what you can expect when you set sail with us.

GIFT VOUCHERS

Give a hot air balloon flight Gift Voucher as that special present that will always be talked about and remembered. Anniversaries, birthdays and other special occasions - we would love to make your gift a special one.

QUESTIONS ABOUT SAFETY?

Commercial activities conducted on behalf of Sunshine Balloons are operated under authority of an Air Operator’s Certificate (AOC) granted by CASA under the section 27 of the Civil Aviation Act as prescribed by regulation 206 of the Civil Aviation Regulations 1988 (CAR).

WHAT TO BRING

Camera
Walking Shoes
Outdoor Layered Clothing
Sunglasses
Peak Hat
Bottled Water
Your Ticket

AWARDS & ACCREDITATION

Sunshine Balloons was Australia's first and remains Queensland's only hot air balloon operator to have obtained an environmental certification.

We are also a hotairballooning.com verified balloon operator. This program is only available to companies who actually operate balloons rather than being gift voucher shops.

© Sunshine Balloons Pty Ltd: Air Operators Certificate, number N512345-14

Contact Us | Site Map | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy